One last thing that I wanted to show you.
Let's go back to the notes here, and
we're gonna go down to Redux here,
at the Redux dev tool.
So I left you a link here,
go install the Redux dev tools.
I left a link here for
Firefox and for Chrome.
I think I have to go install it for
Chrome, so let me go do that really quick.
So I'm gonna click Add to Chrome here.
Okay, that's been added here, and
now if I refresh my page,
I should have in here Redux pane.
So I'm gonna click on that.
This is probably one of the other
most compelling parts about Redux,
is I can actually see everything happening
inside of my Redux via this, right?
So right now, I'm looking at all
the actions that are coming in.
You can see all of these various different
actions that are coming in from petAPI,
these are generated by Redux tool.
So let's say I change this to be dog,
that's gonna dispatch an action,
actually it won't.
Really, it does.
Okay, here we go.
Yeah, cuz it's changing the breed.
So it executes that,
and you see fulfilled,
and I can see all the various
different actions coming in, right?
And if I click Submit,
you can see it calls searchParam'all,
then it does unsubscribing and pending and
fulfilled and a bunch of stuff like that.
But you can see step by
step of what's going on.
What's cool about this, though,
is I can start stepping back in time
Because what it's doing is it's
basically just reapplying or
un-applying all these
various different actions.
So if I go back here,
I can actually click Play, and
it'll just go at a rate and
I can watch things playing out in my,
Time traveling debugging
is what that's called.
I can always go in and I can reset things,
I can see what the actions looked like,
so you can see what was in the payload.
This gives me a bunch of meta
information of, when did it happen,
what was the query, what were
the arguments, what was the requestId?
Did it work?
Did it not work?
One of my favorite things here, so let's
go look at one of them that we created,
like the searchParams/all one that I did,
this one.
First of all, you can do things like
jump to this one, you can also say,
hey, what would happen if
this action didn't happen?
You can click Skip, and it'll reapply
everything and skip that action,
it's kind of interesting, right?
And then another thing here, I can click
Test, it'll actually generate a test for
me that I can just copy and
paste into my code, which is pretty cool.
I like when my tools write tests for
me, right?
Now, I'm gonna argue,
this is a ridiculous test,
look at how much stuff it's
trying to put into my test.
But it's a good starter, right?
This is a Jest template, but
there's one for Mocha and Tape and Ava.
We're about to do V test for
our testing framework,
just use the Jest one
if you're doing V test.
There's a state,
there's a difference, so you can see,
what was the delta between the two?
So I went from animal to
being nothing to being dog.
And you can see the actual Stack trace
to see what led you to call into that.
I've not found a use for
that, but that's pretty cool.
And that's it.
So one thing that I have seen people do,
which I found very interesting and
a compelling use case of,
what the Redux toolkits can do for you or
just in general Redux.
Let's say your user's application crashes,
right?
What I've seen people do is dump
their entire history of Redux, and
then they'll send it off to Track js or
century or something like that.
You can then take that dump and
you can put it into your dev tools, and
you can literally go piece by piece of
what your user did to cause the crash.
So you can literally time travel through
your user crashing their application.
Pretty cool, right?
Pretty compelling debugging tools, so.
Okay, so that's Redux,
that's Redux dev tools.
If you want deeper dives on this, there's
a Redux Fundamentals course from Mr.
Kinney himself, I strongly suggest that.
>> He's also about to release
an advanced Redux, using Redux toolkit.
>> Even better, so if you want even more
advanced stuff on Redux toolkit itself,
check that out as well.
If you wanna see this exact
same scenario that I did,
look at this handsome bastard up there.
I did teach a raw Redux before, so
this is gonna go through the exact same
pet adoption application with raw Redux.
You can do that if you are a glutton for
pain.
This is so much better than writing raw
Redux, but if you want to, it's here.
Okay, questions about Redux?
I'm hoping the feeling that
you have right now is mixed.
Some of that was really cool,
that was a lot of work.
I have mixed feelings about it.
If I imparted that to you,
I feel like I did my job.
If you either like it too much or
not at all, I feel like I didn't do it.
It's a trade off, right?
There's definitely
trade-offs to using Redux,
that's really what I want you to see Okay,
any questions about
Redux before we move on?
>> There's one quick
question before we go.
>> Yeah, sure, go ahead.
>> Could you explain about the action
type and when we would use it?
>> Sure, So
let's take a look at our Redux
application one more time.
We're gonna open the dev tools,
we're gonna go back into Redux.
So what you see here,
they're called the Redux action type.
Let's look specifically
at the searchParams/all,
because that was one that you and
I made together, right?
So if I look at the action here,
you can see that there is a type
here called searchParams/all.
So just to describe to you
where that comes from,
it comes from searchParamsSlice.
It comes from this name, right?
So if I call this searchParamsLol,
that would be the name/the name of
the reducer, which is all, right?
So that is why this one is
searchParams/all, searchParams/all.
So it's generated from the the name
of the reducer that you have,
as well as the name that
you gave the slice overall.
We used to have to name these
action types ourselves, but
with Redux toolkit,
it generates those names for us.
What's the point of the type?
The type is just so that Redux
knows where to send your reducer,
like which reducer to send your thing to,
that's the entire point of the type.